Add/user manuals (#1011)
foundersandcoders/master-reference: coursebook/general/user-manuals/README.md

## Info

> Before the course begins, a `user-manuals` repo should be created in the cohort organisation. It's recommended to then use the markdown below as the repo's README, and [this document](./ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) can be used as the issue template for creating individual user manuals.

Author: ```suggestion
Before the course begins, a `user-manuals` repo should be created in the cohort organisation. It's recommended to then copy and paste the markdown below into the repo's README, and [this document](./ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) can be used as the issue template for creating individual user manuals.
```

@astroash does this make it a little clearer?

# User Manuals
Personal user manuals! Keep them updated, read them well 📒

![The Pink Panther reading a book](https://media.giphy.com/media/ZCmDhIFeF1s2c/giphy.gif)

## How do I edit my user manual?

> Your manuals are all in this repo as issues. Click on the 'issues' tab above to see them all.

Reviewer: Are user manuals being stored in master reference or campus specific repos?

Author: Being stored in a `user-manuals` repo in cohort specific [organisations](https://github.com/fac-sixteen). 

I suppose it's a little confusing but that text is part of what's meant to be copy and pasted into that cohort-specific repo: `It's recommended to then use the markdown below as the repo's README,`
